Circular-Lifting-Magnet
=======================

ELECTRO FLUX Circular Lifting Magnet Manufacturers can handle tones of scrap continuously throughout the day. It is used in metalworking plants to hoist and transport steel parts, forgings, casting, plates, booms, channels, angles, rods and bars. They save time and effort because they can lift steel more quickly and conveniently than any other mechanical device.   ELECTRO FLUX Circular Lifting Magnet Manufacturers feature the highest lifting capacity. It can handle tonnes of scrap continuously throughout the day.    	     	Excavator Magnet 	Circular Lifting Magnet 	Rectangular Lifting Magnet 	Permanent Lifting Magnet  	   	     	 	  		  	   It can handle tonnes of scrap continuously throughout the day. It is used in metalworking plants to hoist and transport steel parts, forgings, casting, plates, booms, channels, angles, rods and bars.   	          They save time and effort because they can lift steel more quickly and conveniently than any other mechanical device. With a lifting magnet there is no need to attach and secure lifting supports and nor is it necessary to block up loads on the floor or to move for mechanical devices.  Applications  Applied to lifting and transporting magnet-conductive materials such as steels and irons in metallurgy industry ,mine industry,machinery industry and transportation industry and etc.  Features Rugged-all-welded construction with good moisture-proofing strong attraction force and low energy consumption. The energizing coils are designed to improve the electrical property and mechanical property of the energizing coils. Heat-resistant grade of insulating material reaches Grade C with long service life. Simple and convenient installation,operation and maintenance. 
